is Marty been a while since I did a
video so just going to kind of show you
the projects i'm working on or you know
so last night i found a pretty sweet
deal on a craigslist i got this tall
most target for its 1995 got it for 75
bucks and it's gonna need a little bit
of work the the exhaust I don't know I
don't know what they were doing here but
so they've got the exhaust here and
they've cut off the end and put this big
long two down there and then there's no
baffles or anything inside it's just a
straight pipe which it's a two-stroke
engine it doesn't make any sense so
that's going to have to change and then
I don't know everything else I think I'm
going to tear apart the bike paint it
and I'm going to go just black with
everything think I'm going to ditch
these turn signals and and as far as
kits and stuff like that are not sure
just kind of want to get it running
first and then it'll mess with tuning in
that kind of stuff but overall it's a
pretty cool bike I like the mag rims
yeah
and over here we've got my wife Arians
jcpenney swing or two and this one we
kind of fixed up over the winter and
stuff it was yellow before we
sandblasted painted a blue and I put
this a 70 cck start kit on it it's got a
16 millimeter dellorto carb put a
different intake on there and then we've
got this flagel pipe new rear shocks and
oh and I got the put a new headlight on
there and then I put the trail tech
endurance speedo on here uh yeah I think
the only thing put some new pedals on
here I've got a new new pedal crank
shaft thing that I'm going to be putting
on good stay yeah whoever had this
before like welded the pedal right to
the right to the bottom right there so
I've gotta replace that whole thing so I
got that and oh yeah I got swapped out
the points for a CEI this is my buddy
Ross is greyle we put he's got a 70 CC
Pelini kit on here and I think he I
think it's 20 millimeter but he's got a
20 millimeter mikuni carb put some new
handlebars on here he did a CD ice wall
and yeah oh and some shocks and I think
we're going to be doing a custom seat
and some other stuff before spring gets
here but seem to be pretty sweet bike
and over here we've got this is my main
bike this is a motor became motobecane
what we let 50v and I've done a bunch of
stuff to this for starters the the front
shocks and stuff are off of a Honda
Hobbit so that whole front end is the
wheel too that's all honda Hobbit and
put a different light headlight on there
got the trail tech endurance speed 0
tachometer temp gauge thingy new
controls these are just a loose ido i
don't know Lucy token controls kit deal
get the EV our crossbar it's a 70 CC
Parma kit I've got that's a doppler ER 3
variator over here and this is Doppler
clutch pulley put a side kick stand on
got some new shocks on the rear there's
a Doppler er1 a pipe I'm using the stock
MBK CDI and I've got this this generic
blue CDI unlimited grev CDI box and yeah
I took the petals off of this one and
put pegs on
but I don't know I'm a switch back to
pedals or whatever is just as a for now
I just needed petals 12 worked anyways
they can clear the pipe I have to extend
the pedal shaft so and I still might do
that so I don't know and then here's a
one project that I'm kind of almost done
with it's a honda PA 52 I pretty common
with mopeds to mount ammo cans his
saddlebags and I don't know I figured
since I'm doing the ammo cans i might as
well just go full-on army bike with
everything so anything shiny is getting
painted a olive drab and you got a
couple a little bit of stuff down here
that's getting flat black but I'm so far
it's mostly stock though I i think i'll
probably i'm going to have to put some
new rear shocks on there because it's
it's pretty heavy with the animal cans
and stuff and me so this wheel i just
picked up so i still need to paint it
but that's that's the army bike this
one's almost done
so yeah that's that's a that's where I'm
at tonight I'm gonna start I'm going to
get the tomos all torn up and start
getting ready to paint it